src/content/cases/audience-framework.en.mdx, before:

---
title: "Audience Intelligence Framework"
caseSlug: "audience-framework"
lang: "en"
theme: "audience"
role: "Lead Designer & Strategist"
org: "European Climate Foundation"
regions: ["LATAM", "US/Canada", "Europe"]
timeframe: "2021 - Present"
problem: "Regional teams lacked a standardized methodology to understand and segment audiences across different climate narratives. Each team used different approaches, making cross-regional learning impossible and strategic decisions inconsistent."
approach:
  - "Conducted landscape analysis of existing audience research across regions"
  - "Designed unified segmentation integrating qualitative and quantitative indicators"
  - "Built indicator framework tracking awareness, attitudes, and behavioral intent"
  - "Created standardized reporting templates for regional teams"
systemDesign:
  - "Multi-country methodology for behavioral change measurement"
  - "Policy awareness indicators integrated with campaign metrics"
  - "Qualitative + quantitative data integration pipeline"
dataSources:
  - "Brandwatch"
  - "BuzzSumo"
  - "Audiense"
  - "Google BigQuery"
  - "Custom surveys"
outputs:
  - "Quarterly audience intelligence reports"
  - "Regional performance scorecards"
  - "Strategic recommendation memos"
  - "Training workshops for regional teams"
decisionImpact:
  - "Informed results-based management across LATAM, Canada, and US teams"
  - "Enabled evidence-based reporting to donors and EU-aligned partners"
  - "Standardized evaluation methodologies across philanthropic consortia"
adoption: "Used by regional teams in Latin America, Canada, and United States for strategic planning and donor reporting"
governance: "Collaboration with EU-aligned partners and philanthropic consortia on performance monitoring systems"
tools:
  - "Brandwatch"
  - "BuzzSumo"
  - "Audiense"
  - "Google BigQuery"
  - "Power BI"
  - "Excel"
featured: true
---

## Additional Context

This framework became a shared reference for audience research across regions and reduced duplication in survey design.

## Key Innovation

The unified segmentation enabled consistent comparison of narrative shifts over time without losing local nuance.

Commit message:

Enhance case studies with updated insights and metrics
- Updated audience framework case studies in English, Spanish, French, and Portuguese to reflect new decision impacts, adoption details, and governance structures.
- Revised benchmark system case studies across all languages to include improved reporting metrics and strategic insights.
- Enhanced narrative tracking case studies to provide a consolidated view of media performance and communication effectiveness, integrating new data sources and methodologies.
- Updated proof and site data to reflect changes in recognition and scope, emphasizing the integration of 50+ partners and the impact of executive recognition.
- Added new skills related to research methods and capacity building, highlighting training initiatives and qualitative analysis across LATAM segments.

src/content/cases/audience-framework.en.mdx, after:

---
title: "Audience Intelligence Framework"
caseSlug: "audience-framework"
lang: "en"
theme: "audience"
role: "Lead Designer & Strategist"
org: "European Climate Foundation"
regions: ["LATAM", "US/Canada", "Europe"]
timeframe: "2021 - Present"
problem: "Regional teams lacked a standardized methodology to understand and segment audiences across different climate narratives. Each team used different approaches, making cross-regional learning impossible and strategic decisions inconsistent."
approach:
  - "Conducted landscape analysis of existing audience research across regions"
  - "Designed unified segmentation integrating qualitative and quantitative indicators"
  - "Built indicator framework tracking awareness, attitudes, and behavioral intent"
  - "Created standardized reporting templates for regional teams"
systemDesign:
  - "Multi-country methodology for behavioral change measurement"
  - "Policy awareness indicators integrated with campaign metrics"
  - "Qualitative + quantitative data integration pipeline"
dataSources:
  - "Brandwatch"
  - "BuzzSumo"
  - "Audiense"
  - "Google BigQuery"
  - "Custom surveys"
outputs:
  - "Quarterly audience intelligence reports"
  - "Regional performance scorecards"
  - "Strategic recommendation memos"
  - "Training workshops for regional teams"
decisionImpact:
  - "Eliminated need for external research agencies, saving $10K+ annually while improving insight quality and turnaround time"
  - "Standardized audience segmentation adopted by 8 regional teams across 20+ countries"
  - "Framework directly informed quarterly strategic planning sessions presented to Executive Leadership"
  - "Reduced survey duplication across regions by establishing shared methodology and data standards"
adoption: "Used by Regional Manager, LATAM Director, and senior digital marketing teams. Reviewed at end of each quarter to inform decisions and set goals for the next quarter."
governance: "Owned by Data & Analytics team. Insights presented to founders and executive leadership. Recognized by Executive Strategy Director and Americas Director."
tools:
  - "Brandwatch"
  - "BuzzSumo"
  - "Audiense"
  - "Google BigQuery"
  - "Power BI"
  - "Excel"
featured: true
---

## Additional Context

This framework became a shared reference for audience research across regions and reduced duplication in survey design.

## Key Innovation

The unified segmentation enabled consistent comparison of narrative shifts over time without losing local nuance.
