src/content/cases/benchmark-system.en.mdx, before:

---
title: "Performance Benchmark System"
caseSlug: "benchmark-system"
lang: "en"
theme: "benchmark"
role: "Lead Analyst"
org: "European Climate Foundation"
regions: ["LATAM", "US/Canada", "Europe"]
timeframe: "2021 - Present"
problem: "Campaign efficiency varied significantly across regional teams with no standardized way to compare performance or identify improvement areas. Strategic decisions were made without comparable baseline data."
approach:
  - "Defined standardized performance metrics applicable across regions"
  - "Created baseline measurement protocols for campaign efficiency"
  - "Designed comparative dashboards for regional leadership"
  - "Established improvement tracking and learning loops"
systemDesign:
  - "KPI framework aligned across all regional programmes"
  - "Automated data collection from multiple campaign platforms"
  - "Comparative scoring methodology"
dataSources:
  - "Google Analytics"
  - "Campaign platforms"
  - "Partner reporting data"
  - "Event Registry"
outputs:
  - "Regional benchmark reports"
  - "Performance improvement recommendations"
  - "Quarterly comparative dashboards"
decisionImpact:
  - "Identified strategic improvement areas across regional teams"
  - "Enabled data-driven resource allocation decisions"
  - "Strengthened institutional learning through comparable metrics"
adoption: "Integrated into quarterly strategic planning sessions across all regional programmes"
governance: "Owned by data team, consumed by Regional Directors and Programme Managers"
tools:
  - "Tableau"
  - "Google BigQuery"
  - "Looker Studio"
  - "Excel"
featured: true
---

## Additional Context

The benchmark system established a shared performance language that made cross-region comparisons credible.

## Key Innovation

The scoring methodology aligned disparate campaign platforms into a single comparable index.

Commit message:

Enhance case studies with updated insights and metrics
- Updated audience framework case studies in English, Spanish, French, and Portuguese to reflect new decision impacts, adoption details, and governance structures.
- Revised benchmark system case studies across all languages to include improved reporting metrics and strategic insights.
- Enhanced narrative tracking case studies to provide a consolidated view of media performance and communication effectiveness, integrating new data sources and methodologies.
- Updated proof and site data to reflect changes in recognition and scope, emphasizing the integration of 50+ partners and the impact of executive recognition.
- Added new skills related to research methods and capacity building, highlighting training initiatives and qualitative analysis across LATAM segments.

src/content/cases/benchmark-system.en.mdx, after:

---
title: "Performance Benchmark System"
caseSlug: "benchmark-system"
lang: "en"
theme: "benchmark"
role: "Lead Analyst"
org: "European Climate Foundation"
regions: ["LATAM", "US/Canada", "Europe"]
timeframe: "2021 - Present"
problem: "Campaign efficiency varied significantly across regional teams with no standardized way to compare performance or identify improvement areas. Strategic decisions were made without comparable baseline data."
approach:
  - "Defined standardized performance metrics applicable across regions"
  - "Created baseline measurement protocols for campaign efficiency"
  - "Designed comparative dashboards for regional leadership"
  - "Established improvement tracking and learning loops"
systemDesign:
  - "KPI framework aligned across all regional programmes"
  - "Automated data collection from multiple campaign platforms"
  - "Comparative scoring methodology"
dataSources:
  - "Google Analytics"
  - "Campaign platforms"
  - "Partner reporting data"
  - "Event Registry"
outputs:
  - "Regional benchmark reports"
  - "Performance improvement recommendations"
  - "Quarterly comparative dashboards"
decisionImpact:
  - "Cut reporting time by 50%+ through automated data pipelines, freeing teams for strategic work"
  - "Identified 20% overspending in underperforming campaigns, enabling budget reallocation to high-impact initiatives"
  - "Created first-ever cross-regional performance baseline, enabling apples-to-apples comparison across 20+ countries"
  - "Benchmark data cited in donor reports and board presentations as evidence of programme effectiveness"
adoption: "Used by Regional Manager, LATAM Director, and senior digital marketing teams. Reviewed at end of each quarter to see results, impact, and inform decisions for the next quarter."
governance: "Owned by Data & Analytics team. Results presented to leadership and donors. Recognized by Executive Strategy Director and Americas Director."
tools:
  - "Tableau"
  - "Google BigQuery"
  - "Looker Studio"
  - "Excel"
featured: true
---

## Additional Context

The benchmark system established a shared performance language that made cross-region comparisons credible.

## Key Innovation

The scoring methodology aligned disparate campaign platforms into a single comparable index.
