src/content/cases/narrative-tracking.en.mdx, before:

---
title: "Narrative Tracking System"
caseSlug: "narrative-tracking"
lang: "en"
theme: "narrative"
role: "System Designer"
org: "European Climate Foundation"
regions: ["Global"]
timeframe: "2021 - Present"
problem: "Environmental discourse trends and sentiment shifts were not being systematically monitored, making it difficult to assess communication impact or adapt messaging strategy in real-time."
approach:
  - "Integrated multiple data sources for comprehensive narrative monitoring"
  - "Designed taxonomy for environmental discourse classification"
  - "Built sentiment and trend analysis pipelines"
  - "Created actionable insight delivery system"
systemDesign:
  - "Multi-platform data aggregation (social, news, policy)"
  - "Automated trend detection and alerting"
  - "Sentiment classification using mixed methods"
dataSources:
  - "Brandwatch"
  - "BuzzSumo"
  - "Event Registry"
  - "Talkwalker"
  - "Google BigQuery"
outputs:
  - "Real-time narrative dashboards"
  - "Trend alert reports"
  - "Strategic messaging recommendations"
  - "Monthly discourse analysis briefs"
decisionImpact:
  - "Enabled real-time adaptation of communication strategies"
  - "Informed messaging priorities based on discourse trends"
  - "Provided evidence base for partner communications guidance"
adoption: "Monitored by communications team, insights consumed by programme leads and partners"
governance: "Data pipeline owned by analytics team, strategic recommendations reviewed by Communications Director"
tools:
  - "Brandwatch"
  - "BuzzSumo"
  - "Event Registry"
  - "Talkwalker"
  - "NVivo"
  - "ATLAS.ti"
featured: true
---

## Additional Context

Narrative monitoring shortened feedback loops and improved message consistency across partners.

## Key Innovation

Combining social listening with newsroom and policy signals improved early detection of narrative shifts.

Commit message:

Enhance case studies with updated insights and metrics
- Updated audience framework case studies in English, Spanish, French, and Portuguese to reflect new decision impacts, adoption details, and governance structures.
- Revised benchmark system case studies across all languages to include improved reporting metrics and strategic insights.
- Enhanced narrative tracking case studies to provide a consolidated view of media performance and communication effectiveness, integrating new data sources and methodologies.
- Updated proof and site data to reflect changes in recognition and scope, emphasizing the integration of 50+ partners and the impact of executive recognition.
- Added new skills related to research methods and capacity building, highlighting training initiatives and qualitative analysis across LATAM segments.

src/content/cases/narrative-tracking.en.mdx, after:

---
title: "Narrative Tracking System"
caseSlug: "narrative-tracking"
lang: "en"
theme: "narrative"
role: "System Designer"
org: "European Climate Foundation"
regions: ["Global"]
timeframe: "2021 - Present"
problem: "Teams had no consolidated view of how media coverage and partner communications were performing across Latin America. Impact was tracked manually in isolated spreadsheets, making it difficult to respond to emerging trends or assess communication effectiveness."
approach:
  - "Aggregated media coverage, partner outputs, and online conversations from over 50 partner organizations"
  - "Designed taxonomy for environmental discourse classification"
  - "Built sentiment and trend analysis pipelines"
  - "Created real-time intelligence system replacing fragmented manual tracking"
systemDesign:
  - "Multi-platform data aggregation (social, news, policy) from 50+ partner organizations"
  - "Automated trend detection and alerting"
  - "Sentiment classification using mixed methods"
  - "Integration with Brandwatch, Audiense, and Looker Studio"
dataSources:
  - "Brandwatch"
  - "Audiense"
  - "Looker Studio"
  - "BuzzSumo"
  - "Event Registry"
  - "Talkwalker"
  - "Google BigQuery"
outputs:
  - "Real-time narrative dashboards"
  - "Trend alert reports"
  - "Strategic messaging recommendations"
  - "Monthly discourse analysis briefs"
decisionImpact:
  - "Reduced response time from weeks to 24-48 hours for emerging narrative shifts and reputational risks"
  - "Consolidated tracking from 50+ partner organizations into single intelligence system, replacing fragmented spreadsheets"
  - "Provided quarterly trend analysis that directly shaped editorial priorities and content strategy"
  - "Dashboard insights cited in funder reports as evidence of communications impact and reach"
adoption: "Used by Regional Manager, LATAM Director, and senior digital marketing teams. Reviewed at end of each quarter to see narratives people read and discussed most, informing decisions and goals for the next quarter."
governance: "Owned by Data & Analytics team. Recognized by Executive Strategy Director and Americas Director for transforming fragmented manual tracking into structured real-time intelligence."
tools:
  - "Brandwatch"
  - "BuzzSumo"
  - "Event Registry"
  - "Talkwalker"
  - "NVivo"
  - "ATLAS.ti"
featured: true
---

## Additional Context

Narrative monitoring shortened feedback loops and improved message consistency across partners.

## Key Innovation

Combining social listening with newsroom and policy signals improved early detection of narrative shifts.
